Releasing 5.5.0 (#301)
DataDog/datadog-go: CHANGELOG.md

[//]: # (comment: Don't forget to update statsd/telemetry.go:clientVersionTelemetryTag when releasing a new version)

# 5.6.0 / xxxx-xx-xx

# 5.5.0 / 2024-01-23

> - [FEATURE] Added support for Origin Detection when the container-id is unavailable from inside the application container only with `cgroupv2`. See [#291][].

Reviewer: Is this correct?

```suggestion
- [FEATURE] Added support for Origin Detection when the container-id is unavailable from inside the application container, only applies to `cgroupv2`. See [#291][].
```

> - [FEATURE] Added `DistributionSamples` which is similar to `Distribution`, but it lets the client deal with the sampling. The rate is passed to the Agent and not used for further sampling. See [#296][].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [FEATURE] Added `DistributionSamples` which is similar to `Distribution`, but it lets the client handle the sampling. The rate is passed to the Agent and not used for further sampling. See [#296][].
```
